- GENERAL PROBLEM
	(Computational challenge of inference with large systems)
	[Data-driven diagnosis of faults in complex systems]
	Performing diagnosis on a complex system requires at least an efficient and
	accurate model of the system itself, which can then be used to run
	simulations useful to collect data which can be analyzed for our diagnosis
	purpose.
	The problem is that running simulations on such high fidelity models
	requires time and high performance resources, which cannot always be
	available.
	For this reason we want to generate a simple model of the complex system
	based only on real data, provided by the system itself, and then use it to
	perform our analysis.
	From such simple model we will be able to retrieve all information of the
	system requried to perform fault diagnosis on it.

- APPROACH
	(Select model optimising J)
	[]
	Our goal is to create a framework able to create a diagnoser of the system
	under observation, providing only the data of its behaviour, either correct
	or faulty.
	In order to achieve our purpose we require different intermediate steps:
	 - simple model generation
	 - error classification and recognition
	The data driven model creation can be done using different approaches, from
	polynomial approaches to learning methods.
	An issue related to this part is to decide which approach is better to use
	depending on the type of system that we are analyzing. For this reason, an
	optimization problem will be generated to decide which method will be used,
	based on a trade-off between accuracy and computational cost of the model.
		J(~) = alpha * Accuracy(~) + beta * Computational_Cost(~)
	On the other hand, in respect to the error classification and recognition, 
	a Neural Network or a series of Support Vector Machines will be implemeted
	to deal with the errors in the system behaviour.

- ACHIEVEMENTS
	(Polynomial approximation)
	[Polynomial all purpose real time corrective function]
	Currently we are able to generate a linear model from the data of a
	high-fidelity model.
	Such model, or corrective model, properly approximates the behaviour of the
	high-fidelity model in every scenario separatedly, will that either be a
	normal or faulty behaviour.
	The purpose of this corrective model has been extended to a more general
	scenario and tries to generate the best model which can predict how to
	behave in possible faulty situations.

- NEXT STEPS
	(Machine Learning)
	[Machine Learning and stuff]
	We are now trying to incorporate some basic machine learning concepts to
	our framework for the model generation, which will lead us to find which
	model is best to be used for a particular problem.

